README.md, before:

>**Note**: Please **fork** the current Udacity repository so that you will have a **remote** repository in **your** Github account. Clone the remote repository to your local machine. Later, as a part of the project "Post your Work on Github", you will push your proposed changes to the remote repository in your Github account.

### Date created
Created the proect on March-10- 2021

### Project Title
Bike share data analysis 

### Description

In this project, the student had to make use of Python to explore data related to bike share systems for three major cities in the United States — Chicago, New York City, and Washington. The student had to write code to (a) import the data and answer interesting questions about it by computing descriptive statistics, and (b) write a script that takes in raw input to create an interactive experience in the terminal to present these statistics.
### Files used
Files Used
The required files for running this program are:

washington.csv
new_york_city.csv
chicago.csv

### Credits
The Project Submission consisted in the filling of a template with all the Git commands used to perform the requested tasks.

Commit message:

This is another change README.md documentation

README.md, after:

>**Note**: Please **fork** the current Udacity repository so that you will have a **remote** repository in **your** Github account. Clone the remote repository to your local machine. Later, as a part of the project "Post your Work on Github", you will push your proposed changes to the remote repository in your Github account.

### Date created
Created the proect on March-10- 2021

### Project Title
Bike share data analysis 

### Description

In this project, the student had to make use of Python to explore data related to bike share systems for three major cities in the United States — Chicago, New York City, and Washington. The student had to write code to (a) import the data and answer interesting questions about it by computing descriptive statistics, and (b) write a script that takes in raw input to create an interactive experience in the terminal to present these statistics.
### Files used
Files Used
The required files for running this program are:

washington.csv
new_york_city.csv
chicago.csv

Requirements
This program was written in Python (version 3.7.1) and relies on the following libraries:

pandas==0.23.4
numpy==1.15.4

### Credits
The Project Submission consisted in the filling of a template with all the Git commands used to perform the requested tasks.
